README.md, before:

# HackerBot  
[HackerBot Website](https://mr-hacker894.github.io/HackerBot)
  
[Bot Invite](https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=342054071060004884&scope=bot&permissions=2146958591)  
  
HackerBot was (at first) made for the HackerWorld Discord. But after some users were excited about adding this bot to their own server it was decided that HackerBot would release to the public with its source code being released to GitHub. HackerBot runs off of the Discord.JS API for an easy server and client-side experience.  
  
  
# How to Run

To run HackerBot you will need;
  At max 64MB of Ram  
  [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)  
  [Discord.js Packages](https://discord.js.org/#/)  
    To install this you will have to have node.js installed  
      -Open CMD for Windows or Terminal for macOS and Linux  
      -Navigate to your bot folder  
      -Type ``npm install --save discord.js``  
      -When the download is finished type ``node index02release.js``
  You may also want an efficient text editor like [Atom](https://atom.io/)

# Features  

HackerBot 5.005

-Moderation 
 HackerBot will delete messages with cuss words and _other_ inappropriate content.  
 ![HackerBot_Censoring](https://puu.sh/x5ffg/207a32fbad.png)  
  
-Embedded Help Messages  
 HackerBot's Help Messages will be DM'd to the user and are embedded so they do not clutter server chats and are easier to read.  
 ![HackerBot DM Help](https://puu.sh/x5ets/73b3f14001.png)  
 
 ![HackerBot DM Help2](https://puu.sh/x5ets/73b3f14001.png)  
 
 ![HackerBot DM Help3](https://puu.sh/x5ewx/8cbb8a2ce2.png)  
 
 -Auto Responses  
  HackerBot has some Auto-Responses as well.  
  
  ![HackerBot Auto Responses](https://puu.sh/x5eEN/ac99226725.png)  
 
-Ban, Kicking, and Purging Locked to Certain Roles  
 HackerBot will not let users without an Owner, Admin, or Moderator role use the Ban, Kick, or Purge command(s) so you don't have to worry about Raids and Trolls.  
![HackerBot Ban](https://puu.sh/x5eRN/ca7318f221.png)  
![HackerBot Ban2](https://puu.sh/x5eTi/6925556ee4.png)  
![HackerBot Ban3](https://puu.sh/x5eUB/325a3f58d0.png)  

There are still more features to come with HackerBot. Just type >help for help.  

Some Commands below may only work on 0.1 HackerBot not the 0.0.9 Source Code on the GitHub Page.

# Commands  
  
 ``  
 >help | Find out what commands you can use  
 >ping | Pong!  
 >test | Test to see if the bot is working (Will DM the user and post in the server chat)  
 >yt | Get a link to MrHacker YT Channel  
 >changelog | See whats new in the latest build of HackerBot  
 >info | Shows info on HackerBot  
 >invite | Get an invite to the HackerWorld Server  
 >shrug | Get a shrug or meh  
 >swag | CAN'T HANDLE THE SWAG!!!!  
 >notproductive | For Non-Productive Peeps  
 >botinvite | Get an OAuth Invite for HackerBot  
 >botstatus | Change the bot's status (Will likely be changed to only allow Owners to use this command)  
 >siri | Ask siri to complete tasks for you  
 >tableflip | When you just feel like flipping tables  
 >kernalpanic | When your Mac just can't take it anymore  
 >bigorder | I think we all know what this is :)  
 >eclipse2017 | The Great American Eclipse of 2017  
 >consoleissue | Report Bot Issues through the console  
 >botwganonmusic | Ganon Boss Fight Music from BOTW  
 <danquotes | One of the many quotes from DanGamingTV  
 >dannyslife | Read DannyBoi's Biography  
 >upcomingfeatures | See what features are coming :D  
 >rps | Rock, PAPER, SCISSORS!!!....SHOOOOOOOOOOOT!!!  
 >coinflip | Flip a coin!  
 >8ball | Have a randomizer determine your future  
 >mariomusical  | Listen to the Super Mario Odyssey Musical  
 >woahmeme | WOAH Memes!
 >dancinghotdog | Dancing Hotdog...you already know.  
 >whats9+10 | 21  
 >say | HackerBot repeats what is said  
 >uptime usage | Get info on how to use the >uptime command  
 >error <color> | Get an error image with the specific color  
 >serverinfo | Get info on the server  
 >picklerick | I'm PICKLERRIIIIIIIIIIICK  
 >rage | Rage...what else is there to explain  
 >gtx1080 | I'AM A GTX 1080  
 >cutedogsandcats | Get a cute dog or cat  
 >importthis | The Zen of Python  
 >sourcecode | View the source code for HackerBot  
 >website | View the HackerBot Website  
 >banuser | Ban Users (Will only allow users with a role named Owner or Admin.)  
 >ban | Get usage help for >banuser  
 >kickuser | Kick Users (Will only allow users with a role named Owner, Admin, or Moderator.)  
 >kick | Get usage help for >kickuser  
 >purgeall | Purge 100 Messages (Will only allow users with a role named Owner, Admin, or Moderator.)  
 >purge75 | Purge 75 Messages (Will only allow users with a role named Owner, Admin, or Moderator.)  
 >purge50 | Purge 50 Messages (Will only allow users with a role named Owner, Admin, or Moderator.)  
 >purge25 | Purge 25 Messages (Will only allow users with a role named Owner, Admin, or Moderator.)  
 >purge15 | Purge 15 Messages (Will only allow users with a role named Owner, Admin, or Moderator.)  
 >purge10 | Purge 10 Messages (Will only allow users with a role named Owner, Admin, or Moderator.)  
 >purge5 | Purge 5 Messages (Will only allow users with a role named Owner, Admin, or Moderator.)  
 >purge3 | Purge 3 Messages (Will only allow users with a role named Owner, Admin, or Moderator.)  
  ``  
    

# Upcoming Features  

-Music Commands  
>google  
>giphy  
>unban  
>mute  

 [Bot Invite](https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=342054071060004884&scope=bot&permissions=14)


"Sean Collins is a pain in the neck" is also a auto-response (Without the quotes)

Commit message:

Updated with new HackerBot Info
Added some channel related commands

README.md, after:

# HackerBot  
[HackerBot Website](https://mr-hacker894.github.io/HackerBot)
  
[Bot Invite](https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=342054071060004884&scope=bot&permissions=2146958591)  
  
HackerBot was (at first) made for the HackerWorld Discord. But after some users were excited about adding this bot to their own server it was decided that HackerBot would release to the public with its source code being released to GitHub. HackerBot runs off of the Discord.JS API for an easy server and client-side experience.  
  
  
# How to Run

To run HackerBot you will need;
  At max 64MB of Ram  
  [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)  
  [Discord.js Packages](https://discord.js.org/#/)  
    To install this you will have to have node.js installed  
      -Open CMD for Windows or Terminal for macOS and Linux  
      -Navigate to your bot folder  
      -Type ``npm install --save discord.js``  
      -When the download is finished type ``node index02release.js``
  You may also want an efficient text editor like [Atom](https://atom.io/)

# Features  

HackerBot 5.005

-Moderation 
 HackerBot will delete messages with cuss words and _other_ inappropriate content.  
 ![HackerBot_Censoring](https://puu.sh/x5ffg/207a32fbad.png)  
  
-Embedded Help Messages  
 HackerBot's Help Messages will be DM'd to the user and are embedded so they do not clutter server chats and are easier to read.  
 ![HackerBot DM Help](https://puu.sh/x5ets/73b3f14001.png)  
 
 ![HackerBot DM Help2](https://puu.sh/x5ets/73b3f14001.png)  
 
 ![HackerBot DM Help3](https://puu.sh/x5ewx/8cbb8a2ce2.png)  
 
 -Auto Responses  
  HackerBot has some Auto-Responses as well.  
  
  ![HackerBot Auto Responses](https://puu.sh/x5eEN/ac99226725.png)  
 
-Ban, Kicking, and Purging Locked to Certain Roles  
 HackerBot will not let users without an Owner, Admin, or Moderator role use the Ban, Kick, or Purge command(s) so you don't have to worry about Raids and Trolls.  
![HackerBot Ban](https://puu.sh/x5eRN/ca7318f221.png)  
![HackerBot Ban2](https://puu.sh/x5eTi/6925556ee4.png)  
![HackerBot Ban3](https://puu.sh/x5eUB/325a3f58d0.png)  

There are still more features to come with HackerBot. Just type >help for help.  

Some Commands below are being worked on for the next version of HackerBot.

# Commands  
  
 ``  
 >help | Find out what commands you can use  
 >ping | Pong!  
 >test | Test to see if the bot is working (Will DM the user and post in the server chat)  
 >yt | Get a link to MrHacker YT Channel  
 >changelog | See whats new in the latest build of HackerBot  
 >info | Shows info on HackerBot  
 >invite | Get an invite to the HackerWorld Server  
 >shrug | Get a shrug or meh  
 >swag | CAN'T HANDLE THE SWAG!!!!  
 >notproductive | For Non-Productive Peeps  
 >botinvite | Get an OAuth Invite for HackerBot  
 >botstatus | Change the bot's status (Will likely be changed to only allow Owners to use this command)  
 >siri | Ask siri to complete tasks for you  
 >tableflip | When you just feel like flipping tables  
 >kernalpanic | When your Mac just can't take it anymore  
 >bigorder | I think we all know what this is :)  
 >eclipse2017 | The Great American Eclipse of 2017  
 >consoleissue | Report Bot Issues through the console  
 >botwganonmusic | Ganon Boss Fight Music from BOTW  
 <danquotes | One of the many quotes from DanGamingTV  
 >dannyslife | Read DannyBoi's Biography  
 >upcomingfeatures | See what features are coming :D  
 >rps | Rock, PAPER, SCISSORS!!!....SHOOOOOOOOOOOT!!!  
 >coinflip | Flip a coin!  
 >8ball | Have a randomizer determine your future  
 >mariomusical  | Listen to the Super Mario Odyssey Musical  
 >woahmeme | WOAH Memes!
 >dancinghotdog | Dancing Hotdog...you already know.  
 >whats9+10 | 21  
 >say | HackerBot repeats what is said  
 >uptime usage | Get info on how to use the >uptime command  
 >error <color> | Get an error image with the specific color  
 >serverinfo | Get info on the server  
 >picklerick | I'm PICKLERRIIIIIIIIIIICK  
 >rage | Rage...what else is there to explain  
 >gtx1080 | I'AM A GTX 1080  
 >cutedogsandcats | Get a cute dog or cat  
 >importthis | The Zen of Python  
 >sourcecode | View the source code for HackerBot  
 >website | View the HackerBot Website  
 >channelcreate | Create a Text Channel  
 >channeldelete | Delete a Text Channel  
 >banuser | Ban Users (Will only allow users with a role named Owner or Admin.)  
 >ban | Get usage help for >banuser  
 >kickuser | Kick Users (Will only allow users with a role named Owner, Admin, or Moderator.)  
 >kick | Get usage help for >kickuser  
 >purgeall | Purge 100 Messages (Will only allow users with a role named Owner, Admin, or Moderator.)  
 >purge75 | Purge 75 Messages (Will only allow users with a role named Owner, Admin, or Moderator.)  
 >purge50 | Purge 50 Messages (Will only allow users with a role named Owner, Admin, or Moderator.)  
 >purge25 | Purge 25 Messages (Will only allow users with a role named Owner, Admin, or Moderator.)  
 >purge15 | Purge 15 Messages (Will only allow users with a role named Owner, Admin, or Moderator.)  
 >purge10 | Purge 10 Messages (Will only allow users with a role named Owner, Admin, or Moderator.)  
 >purge5 | Purge 5 Messages (Will only allow users with a role named Owner, Admin, or Moderator.)  
 >purge3 | Purge 3 Messages (Will only allow users with a role named Owner, Admin, or Moderator.)  
  ``  
    

# Upcoming Features  

-Music Commands  
>google  
>giphy  
>unban  
>mute  
>vcchanneldelete  
>vcchannelcreate  

 [Bot Invite](https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=342054071060004884&scope=bot&permissions=14)


"Sean Collins is a pain in the neck" is also a auto-response (Without the quotes)
